--------------------

The importance of a brain simulator

--------------------

What does it mean to simulate the human brain?
Why is it important to do so? 
And is it even possible to simulate the brain separately from the body it exists in?
Simulating the brain means modeling it on a computer. But in real life, brains don't exist in isolation. 
The brain is a complex and adaptive system that is seated within our bodies and entangled with all the other adaptive systems inside us that together make up a whole person. 
And the fact that the brain is a brain inside our bodies is something we can't ignore when we attempt to simulate it realistically. 

For many scientists,
understanding means being able to create a mental model that allows them to predict how a system would behave under different conditions.
For the brain sciences, this type of understanding is currently only possible for a limited number of basic functions.  
In broad terms it has to do with understanding. But what does understanding mean in neuroscience?

As it dwells inside our bodies, the brain is always a result of what the individual has experienced up to that point. 
That is why, when we simulate the brain, we have to take this 'experienced brain' into account and try and reflect that.

According to Kathinka Evers, leader of the Ethics and Society part of the Human Brain Project, 
neglecting this experience would severely limit the outcome of any brain simulation. But if we are to include experience we have to simulate real-life situations.

But if we do manage to simulate the brain, would that mean we have created artificial consciousness? 
And can a computer be conscious at all? That depends on what consciousness is:
If it is the result of certain types of organization or functions of biological matter, like the cells in the human body, then a computer can never gain consciousness.
But if it is a matter of organization alone, without the need for biological matter, then the answer could be yes. But it is still a very hypothetical stance.

--------------------

First we need to set basic functions of our brain simulator.

After you need to set our brain simulator to learn new things using these basic functions.
Here's an example:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ghhVl_UJwk

------------------------

And some sources for what we need to do:

http://www.kurzweilai.net/google-simulates-brain-networks-to-recognize-speech-and-images

https://thenewstack.io/mind-reading-ai-optimizes-images-reconstructed-brain-waves/

-----------------

Some github code for an Image Recognition System:

https://github.com/Lupino/huabot-brain

https://github.com/GoodAI/BrainSimulator


